Move from Trello into here:

Why you went into tech

Why I like hacking - as an engineer you build to impact people otherwise you're not much
  hacking is more than just one domain, it's any idea, and no wonder why companies recruit at hackathons, it's something you as an engineer
  need to pride yourself on, building things for people, and continuously getting better at it. whether it be for a cause, just inspiring
  we try to get a basic idea, and then this is how you learn to branch off

  http://viterbi.usc.edu/news/news/2014/hacksc-unites-hacking.htm

importance of empathy with regards to championing social cause
  stems from personal connection, not because it's something that's popular
    though reality is that jerks are fine with donating to good causes because it's "the right thing to do"
      but about acknowledging another's humanity independent of their backgroudn
    the conversatoin needs to be a 2 - way street
      if listener isn't willing, the person championing starts treating everyone as "against them"
      if person championing isn't willing to actually educate people who don't know
        and empathize that they might not feel the way they do initially
          then the listeners get jaded, and only hurts the cause
      we need to champion empathy and campaign for it...
        same way we make social change, through knowledge and spreading ideas into the ether
          they give us hope for a better future, and slowly but surely, it happens
            1964 civil rights to now
            gay rights movement, started as ideas based on gay people being acknowledged as humans
              and turned into policy that is starting to spread majority opinion in favor of humanity overall
              CALL TO ACTION, less opinion, more perspective

exploring the world and new things

Why you do hackathons and organize them

Our lives... appreciating the small things

Current landscape of tech

The importance of empathy

Building with reckless abandon to discover your purpose

My Dream Date
  - Beach + Ice Skating + Dancing with slow dancing at end + maybe curl up to a movie

Do I know what I'm doing? Not really...

Gone Girl Blog Post
  What is romance...
    being content with someone might not be enough... but at the same time how society encourages social interactions
    or just about how you need to grab someone's attention, the surface skimming talks only get so far into who people truly are
    is there any way we can optimize this type of interaction? or do we just hope things turn out well as people further unravel and explore
    who each other are?

    and a fantastical situation like this... was not inexplicable, there were things you could clearly trace back throughout the whole way
    as to show that this situation was not unimaginable, but almost inevitable. like though it is an outlier, it's almost a statistical
    certainty based on how society and the people living in it work...

Why I'm going to use Soylent

Going to space and caring about the future!

The power of a good movie or idea
  The ability to depict an enthralling world
  or demonstrate things that question the core essentials of humanity

if you don't clear your mind and speak out, who are you?

turn responses into art directly

you can't just say a system is flawed, you ahve to work thorough it and show all it's flaws

if you odn't act the dangers become stronger, it is only because I am so fearful that I am brave

just like my parents said, if we can make your lives easier by
helping you out with our life experiences, then we'll do the best we can
my mentality, for the rest of the world
